hi you guys you guys are going to notice
my nails are noticeably shorter from
both hands the reason is because I had
an accident with this pinky finger and
I'm not sure if you guys are going to be
able to see that but there's a slit
there and I'm a little bit of a
perfectionist so I can't stand having
one nail shorter than the others and
because the slit is so deep down low you
guys I actually did it by hitting a door
really hard and um I wanted to take
advantage also to show you guys how to
repair a broken nail so I went and I
purchased this instant nail repair kit
it comes with let me show you okay it
will come with polish remover it comes
with different sizes it's going to be
really hard for you guys to see this but
it has different sizes of tape and nail
glue and a clear polish so I'm going to
take this step by step on how to repair
a nail now if the slit was higher than I
would be able to just cut the damaged
area off but because it's so low I mean
it's really low you can see it right
there it's really low so I cannot cut it
down that low so let's get started you
guys the first thing we're going to have
to do is it comes with the goop so and
it's a especially made for instant nail
repair glue so what I'm going to do
right where my cut is I'm going to place
some glue on it and the good thing about
this glue is that it
okay just on the slit oh I hope I saw
that
okay just on the slid I'm applying the
glue so I'm going to put the cap back on
the glue so you guys can see there it's
going to take a little while for that to
adhere so me wasn't going to press down
so it heal so it seals the damage and me
while this is drying I want to say that
when I was filing my nails down um it
was very difficult for the crystal nail
file to do it um so the crystal nail
file didn't help me at all to remove
length from my nail so it's pretty much
just for sealing the edge of your nail
because it really honestly it didn't
help me remove length from my nails so
for that the kit also comes with a nail
file so the hard part was for removing
length and then the smooth part for
shaping but I didn't use the smooth part
for shaping so much I used two crystal
nail file - for shaping but for removing
length
I used the the what is it the thickest
grid oh well the what would the
word be for it would be though I don't
know it's the coarser one for removing
length and I also had to use the nail
clipper because they were so long so I
clipped in half and the rest I filed
down okay now that we've applied the
glue now that we've applied the glue to
the brake okay next thing I'm going to
do is you guys are not going to be able
to see this until I peel it off but it
also comes with a little orange stick so
what I'm gonna do with the orange stick
is I'm gonna peel off a little clear
tape and that's probably why you guys
can't see it because they're clear tapes
okay so I have one right here in my hand
so what I'm gonna do is I'm going to
place it let me see if I could put you
guys there's the clear tape and maybe
that's gonna be a little bit hard for
you guys to see okay I'm placing it
right where the slit is
okay see you guys can't even see the
little tape on that well okay but the
little tape is there so the next thing
to do after I've applied the clear tape
and I hate having to do this you guys
because I don't like knowing any of my
nails are broken or anything like that I
I prefer to have them all chopped off
instead knowing that I have something
like this that's just temporary are mine
now I can't stand that but anyways the
next step to do it comes with a clear
polish so what I'm going to do on top of
that I'm going to add the clear polish
and besides I wanted to take advantage
to show you guys how to repair a nail no
biggie I mean nails break the good thing
is that they grow back out okay so we've
applied the clear coat of polish and
clean out the sides okay let me see if I
can get you okay and you guys can see
the slid and the tape a little bit maybe
so that's it you guys my nails are ready
to be um polished now it has a smooth
and that that repair will stay there
until I suppose until I'm ready to
remove my manicure which so I'm gonna
have to pretty much be doing this once a
week every time I change my manicure but
the good thing is that the kit comes
with three sheets and each sheet has you
can't see them but it's a lot of little
repair tapes and the glue so I'm gonna
have to be doing this every single time
I changed my nail art which is going to
be everything what is it every Thursday
cuz I post Friday so that's what I'm
gonna have to be doing but I wanted to
show you guys everything it came with
just so that you guys um can repair your
own nails where they break down too deep
I mean if it wouldn't have been too deep
then I would have just cut it off to
where it goes but it's way way deep so I
can't cut it off
and another thing I'm going to another
tip I'm going to give you guys some
another way you could repair a nail is
let me see um you if it's way down too
deep like mine's was then you could get
a teabag just a regular teabag open it
up use the gauze cut it to the size you
want your nail the nail slit is cut it
to that size and um apply clear coat of
polish apply the gauze on top and
another coat of clear polish and pretty
much it'll do the same thing and also
when using the teabag I would also
recommend before applying the galls
maybe you can add some nail glue to the
area where it's been cut then apply the
tea gauze cut to the shape of the length
you're going to need for the cut then
clear coat the gauze clear coat on top
of that and that's another easy way so
you don't have to spend money on the
repair kit ok the repair kit will cost
you maybe about $6.99 somewhere around
there and so yeah I wanted to take
advantage to show you guys how to repair
a broken now and that's how you do it
well um I'm not so horribly sad my nails
broke to tell you the truth I'm resting
from them and now we can all grow our
nails together and take care of you guys
and I'll be coming up with my nail art
Friday and maybe a little bit of
something in between take care you guys
alright love your nails be careful with
them bye bye